Update extract doc with optional extractors present in axum-extra (#2801)
tokio-rs/axum: axum/src/docs/extract.md

# let _: Router = app;
```

> An alternate option is to make use of the optional extractors in [axum-extra] that return `None`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option is to make use of the optional extractors in [axum-extra] that return `None`
```

> if there are no query parameters in the request or return `Some(T)` if deserialization was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only for some rejections from their "base" extractor and reject the request otherwise.
```
